Add documentation about backtick for rule definition. (#5714)
containous/traefik: docs/content/routing/routers/index.md

> Rules are a set of matchers that determine if a particular request matches specific criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules are a set of matchers configured with values, that determine if a particular request matches specific criteria.
```

If the rule is verified, the router becomes active, calls middlewares, and then forwards the request to the service.

> !!! tip "Backtick"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? tip "Backticks or Quotes?"
```

Reviewer: (Folded note with a triggering title for the fast readers)

>     [Backticks](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/backtick) ``` ` ``` or escaped double-quotes `\"` can be use to set a rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To set the value of a rule, use [backticks](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/backtick) ``` ` ``` or escaped double-quotes `\"`.
```

>     Single quotes `'` are not accepted.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Single quotes `'` are not accepted as values are "Golang's String Literals" (reference: <https://golang.org/ref/spec#String_literals>).
```

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     <https://golang.org/ref/spec#String_literals>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
